42 year-old drummer Robert Williams is
suing former Sex Pistols 42 year old
singer John Lydon alias Johnny Rotten
for breach of contract and assault and
battery
you must understand these are small
nightclub gigs and we're travelling vast
journeys on a tour bus we're not staying
overnight in most of the towns now
missing I don't want in me wasting money
on separate individual hotel I don't
rent primer perfectly able to share then
apparently the pop star don't be
disrespectful sir I haven't disrespected
you have I no you haven't
okay so let's not be disappointed you in
my home anyone that was assaulted in a
way that you say you were assaulted
would have reported first thing in the
morning or an hour later to an emergency
room which you did not I am therefore
dismissing your lawsuit that's all I was
dog stew then they step out and the
obvious conclusion while he obviously
disagreed with the verdict GG Allin
showed little emotion when it was read
we the jury find the defendant Kevin
Michael Allen guilty of disorderly
conduct as charged in the complaint as a
narrow-minded hypocritical puppets of
society trying to kill rock and roll and
they can't do it the defense argued
Allen was exercising his right of free
expression when he defecated on stage
and throw feces into the audience on
December 23rd 1985 Blaine Mandela took
this shot back placed it under his chin
and pulled the trigger that I value
better than me they're prosecuting
attorneys said that they heard this
thing in a song which they determined to
be the phrase do it are there
subliminal do it on the shutter by you
better than me saw absolutely not I said
to the judge so I'm going to ply this
backwards now I'm going to suggest to
you the what you hear is this phrase you
know so what we'll hear firstly I asked
for peppermint honest
[Music]
he's always like lit up because as
though suddenly realized how ridiculous
this whole thing was we like to thank
the various buildings will do
cooperating yesterday the amount of
stock we're not attacking me in the
press
I'm sharing it in the oven and a
fantastic school for their kind words
today I can only walk so much loudness
of sadness when makes that insoluble as
very sorry for you
if ultimately the Czech legal system
although they just around understand
then it's me to prison
fifty thousand examples all of you
ladies I would imagine it's like a
minute we hope your people to be does
about that
the bitches are within our demands there
were others for the party but it's
better
[Music]
[Applause]
peregrinus elephantiasis permission sir
fucking silly
l40 a weakness lead employed over dr.
Heilig random throat and poor hong kong
cappella boys go solji guru Gollum Oh
son achieved a bargain offer for struck
for its possible selves to the trade
shifted socket on a bargain a popular
Christian rock singer from Carlsbad is
now admitting he hired a hit man to kill
his wife in a vista courtroom he changed
his not guilty plea to guilty for
soliciting the murder of the mother of
his three children and wife of eight
years I have got my speech my back
pocket which I have worked on for a few
weeks and honed and refined to live a
freaking nuclear weapon fold it up like
gazillion times like a bad kid bringing
his homework to school I would like to
use this occasion to speak on a more
personal note and show just how unfair
the whole concept of lyrical
interpretation and judgment can be and
how many times this can amount a little
more than character assassination songs
allow a person to put their own
imagination experiences and dreams into
the lyrics people can interpret in many
ways miss Gore was looking to
sadomasochism and bondage and she found
it someone looking for surgical
references were founded as well the PMRC
proposal is an ill-conceived piece of
nonsense which fails to deliver any real
benefits to children infringes the civil
liberties of people who are not children
and promises to keep the courts busy for
years dealing with the interpretation
and enforcement problems inherent in the
proposals design their secretary told me
on the phone last Friday that the PMRC
has no members only founders I asked how
many other DC wives are non members of
an organization that raises money by
mail as a tax exempt status and seems
intent on
the Constitution of the United States do
the family paper shredder I have to I
asked her if it was a cult
finally she said she couldn't give me an
answer and that you have to call their
lawyer within a month or two of the time
that Guns N'Roses form you're aware of a
and its members doing drugs yes who
everyone had different times with the
exceptions or not everyone it's fair to
state that for members of the band
during the course of its existence parts
of in Maryland and varying months those
members being you rarely yes in a / and
and Steve at a CDC's former drummer
appeared composed in the doc but was
barely audible pleading guilty to
charges of threatening to kill and
possessing cannabis and methamphetamine
details of the charges revealed that the
most serious threatening to kill stemmed
from rods unhappiness last August that
the launch of his new solo album had not
gone well the Crown prosecutor said Rudd
was so angry that in September he wanted
the person he held responsible taken out
for it when asked what he meant by that
the defendant said he wanted them taken
care off because they were a bunch of
[Music]
you